# Meeting notes 2023-01-25

Present: Erik, Jim, Sultan

Agenda:

- discussion on the API for edgelist:
    - matrix.from_edgelist: current version;
    - vector.from_pairs: accepts python iterable.
- default value of 1.0 (F64);
- alpha release;
- cache: would be good to have a setting (easy/expert), e.g. `A.T` or `offdiag`;
- `python-mlir-graphblas`


- news & announcements:

## Erik's agenda notes

`python-graphblas`
------------------
- Time to do a release!
    - Are open PRs ready/approved?
        - `Matrix.from_edgelist`, `Matrix.to_edgelist`, `Vector.from_pairs`
        - Default values of 1.0
    - Anything else to add?
    - Let's do pre-release cycle first
    - Erik: if ready, show how to do an alpha release
- Should `split` and `concat` be "vanilla"? https://github.com/python-graphblas/python-graphblas/issues/295
- Maybe discuss (or prepare to discuss next week): https://github.com/python-graphblas/python-graphblas/issues/265
- Documentation efforts?
    - See `ruff` ignored codes in pyproject.toml
    - Would love to see more examples in docstrings
    - Would also like to run doctests on docstring examples
    - Can we make the README or landing page more attractive?
- Erik: demonstrate how to add new method to objects
- Erik: I'm thinking about creating `cython-suitesparse-graphblas`
    - How natural can it be to use GraphBLAS from Cython?
- Should we remove outputs from notebooks in repo?

`graphblas-algorithms`
----------------------
- Should we cache matrices? https://github.com/python-graphblas/graphblas-algorithms/pull/40
    - (tangent: zero-copy examples with `strided` https://github.com/eriknw/strided/tree/main/strided/tests)
- Group "pair" programming next Monday!
    - Floyd-Warshall
    - Compare to `scipy.sparse.csgraph`
    - Interesting APSP: https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3332466.3374533

`dask-graphblas`
----------------
- What needs done to complete name change and do a release?
- Progress towards distributed PageRank?
- What is the threshold for releasing?
    - Run with latest `python-graphblas` and runs PageRank?

`python-mlir-graphblas`
-----------------------
- Hey there, what's up?

Other
-----
- Add NetworkX dispatching meeting to https://scientific-python.org/calendars/?
    - To add, make PR here: https://github.com/scientific-python/scientific-python.org
- Also add `python-graphblas` meeting there?
- Blog post ideas?
- Other advocacy efforts?

PyCon US
--------
- April 19-27
- GraphBLAS poster

PyData Seattle
--------------
- April 26-28
- CFP due Feb 6

GrAPL
-----
- May 15
- Paper due Feb 1
- We typically get 5 minutes to talk
- Virtual and in St. Petersburg, Florida (who is going?)

SciPy
-----
- July 10-16
- CFP due Feb 22
- NetworkX + Backends tutorial?
- GraphBLAS tutorial (w/ Tim, Scott, and Gabor?)
- Talks?

HPEC
----
- September 25-29

Scientific Python Sparse Summit #2
----------------------------------
- TBD
