# Meeting notes 2023-01-11

Present: Erik, Jim, Sultan

Agenda:

- NumFOCUS affiliate project deadline:
contributor documentation TOP priority,
FAQ/documentation;

- PyOpen plan (feedback on the projects),
also needs contributor guide;

- `pylint` as required? (slow to run, possible to
narrow it down to the file that triggered an error),
proposal to run `pylint` manually on releases or
some other periodicity;

- stubfiles for type annotations: style preference
and easier PR, networkx group mentioned autogen
for type annotations. `mypy` should catch potential
inconsistencies/changes in signature. Getting the
type annotations is not a very high priority, but can
be useful for users and for development/maintenance;
type annotations for user-facing functions are a higher
priority;

- Discuss changes to FAQ: [PR#367](https://github.com/python-graphblas/python-graphblas/pull/367)
- Discuss contributor guideline: [PR#345](https://github.com/python-graphblas/python-graphblas/pull/345)
- Discuss/review `pydata/sparse` conversions: [PR#347](https://github.com/python-graphblas/python-graphblas/pull/347)

- randomization in CI and python versions (following numpy/NumFOCUS).
